--- 
wordpress_id: 470
title: About Apple's Magic Mouse
wordpress_url: http://thomas.pelletier.im/?p=470
layout: post
---
In short: wow!

I recognize my not really inventive attitude, but I think there is no better
summarize about my feelings.

![The Apple Magic Mouse](/assets/images/posts/multitouch-magic-mouse-300x300.jpg)

## Look

Well, just by itself, the mouse is really beautiful. I admit it would not be
worse with a soft white light coming from the Apple logo, or from the sides of
the mouse, but I think it looks really nice on my black desk. Furthermore its
bright tactile surface reflects as a mirror does which makes the mouse "pop".

## Feel

![My dear old PC mouse](/assets/images/posts/Computer_Mouse.73174424.jpg)

My Apple computer is a [Macbook Pro](http://www.apple.com/macbookpro/) (of de
5th family I think. It looks like [theses
ones](http://images.apple.com/macbookpro/images/overview-gallery1-20090608.png)
and costs me 1200 €), so it has a built-in mutltitouch trackpad which works
very well. However, I missed my dear old PC mouse. You know, there is
something really different between a trackpad and a mouse : the depth. The
Magic mouse is really nice from this point of view: it allies the power of the
multitouch technology and, with its subtle curves, the presence of a classic
computer mouse.

## First approach

There is nothing easier than connecting this mouse with your OS X based
computer. Just power on the mouse (with a little brushed button like the power
on/off on [iPod Nano](http://www.apple.com/ipodnano/)). If
[Bluetooth](http://www.bluetooth.com/bluetooth/) is enabled on your computer,
a window should pop up, print you some messages, and disappear. That's it. The
mouse is running on your Mac. It's a bit strange at first, but I got used to
its smooth surface blazingly fast.

## Get ready to ride

Since the mouse is available to sale, you can read everywhere that you
**must** use [MagicPrefs](http://vladalexa.com/apps/osx/magicprefs/). That's
why I downloaded it to custom my mouse gestures. This tool is really nice (I
don't understand why Apple doesn't provide such a software with Snow Leopard).
But it has one major drawback: it doesn't support tab (⇥) composed keyboard
shortcuts. I wanted to use them for my Firefox (with ⌃⇧⇥ and ⌃⇥ to switch
between opened tabs). After digging, let's say, 2"40 seconds with Google, I
found [BetterTouchTool](http://blog.boastr.net/), a software similar to
MagicPrefs but which is far more **flexible** (and it works for touchpads
too). So I dropped MagicPrefs and installed BTT. Well, I can say I've never
felt so relaxed with a computer (except when I switch from PHP to Python,
but...).

![BetterTouchTool](/assets/images/posts/652832b61124adf070647099fd798166.png)

## Conclusion

To put it in a nutshell, I highly recommend you this mouse. Unless you are a
narrow-minded conservative fundamentalist of keyboard as the only *real*
interface with a computer, the Magic Mouse is really pleasant and easy to use.
A nice purchase in my humble opinion.
