--- 
wordpress_id: 674
title: Rework by 37signals
wordpress_url: http://thomas.pelletier.im/?p=674
layout: post
---

I did a one-month internship at [Novapost.fr](http://novapost.fr/) on August
(more about this in a future blog entry). When I left, they offered me
[Rework](http://37signals.com/rework/), the latest book of
[37signals](http://37signals.com/). It was the first time I read a business
book, so I wondered whether its content would keep my interest. A week later,
I can tell it is the book I've the most enjoyed reading. Ever.

To sum it up, Rework is a succession of tips and best practices you should
consider when you are starting your business, thinking about it or even
already on board. It goes from takedowns to promotion through many topics such
as productivity, competitors and evolution (among many others). The book is
rather short (something like 300 pages with pictures, big margins and big
letters) but it *is* explicitly meant to be.

I obviously can't tell about the truth and the accuracy of the content because
I am not an expert and I've never started any business.

However [David Heinemeier Hansson](http://www.loudthinking.com/) and [Jason
Fried](http://twitter.com/jasonfried) have an awesome writing style! They
express thoughts with such a strength that they seem to you as established,
obvious facts. As far as I'm concerned this way of formulating ideas without
nuances nor never-ending sentences has an incredible power on me. The
[KISS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle) principle applied to
written communication. Very pleasant.

The best is that they use this style to punch universally acknowledged
"truths" which seem very questionable afterwards. The fact is that I have
barely worked in companies (take a look at my bio: I'm an near-18 year old
student), still I haven't got any problem understanding described problems and
considering the advantages of the provided solutions. Moreover, their ideas
basically look like my vision of a near perfect company to work for, so I am
very pleased to see them written by professional and creative people.

Like they say, the book is not based on academic theories but on their
experience. So they give real-world examples throughout the book which
enhances the feelings of completeness and sustainability I had about the
corresponding ideas. By the way I wonder how the authors got these examples:
did they look for them while writing the book or are they part of their
earlier knowledge? Anyhow, the examples make authors' thoughts feel real
(let's say, not shaped for an imaginary, perfect world like some of the books
we all had or still have to read for school).

I only regret one thing: I think they don't talk enough about publicizing your
product during the launch (unless I missed something). That's to my mind both
a pretty important and rather difficult moment.

To conclude, if you are looking for nice tips on getting your project off the
ground through a business, or even just if you want to learn an unusual way to
see business management, I highly advise you to read this book!
